In this room, pretzels litter the ground, the walls are yellow and brown,
some sausages roll down the stairs near the walrus painting.
Your enemy waits eagerly in the center of the room under the chandelier.
/
This room is filled with rabbits, too many to see clearly,
Apricots hang from the cieling, and you pick a fresh one,
Angry plants swing their vines towards your head.
/
A gang of school children cheer for the monster, you smell toothpaste.
Barrels line the walls in the hallway near the exit.
/
A basset hound the size of the moon barks loudly, the ground trembles.
You run quickly but are pulled aboard by the monsters: they are looking for a fight.
/
Weasels tear at the flesh of your face,  and thousands of microscopic
horses race in subway tracks below your feet.
/
This average-sized, L-shaped bedroom has mismatched wooden furniture.
The room is done in warm vivid colors and overall has a rustic look to it.
/
This small chamber seems divided into three parts. The first has
several hooks on the walls from which hang dusty robes.
An open curtain separates that space from the next,
which has a dry basin set in the floor.
/
The scent of sweat and blood lingers, which makes the pit's 
resemblance to a fighting pit or gladiatorial arena even stronge,
In the center of this large room lies a 30-foot-wide round pit,
its edges lined with rusting iron spikes. About 5 feet away from
the pit's edge stand several stone semicircular benche,
The door to this room swings open easily on well-oiled hinges.
Beyond it you see that the chamber walls have been disguised
by wood paneling, and the stone ceiling and
floor are hidden by bright marble tile,
/
Several large and well-stuffed chairs are arranged about the room
along with some small reading table,
This room is a small antechamber before two titanic bronze doors.
Each stands 20 feet tall and is about 7 feet wide. The double doors are peaked at their centers,
but unlike many sets of double doors, their division isn't in the cente,
/
This chamber served as an armory for some group of creatures.
Armor and weapon racks line the walls and
rusty and broken weapons litter the floor,
Several white marble busts that rest on white pillars
dominate this room. Most appear to be male or female humans
of middle age, but one clearly bears small horns projecting
from its forehead and another is spread across the floor in
a thousand pieces, leaving one pillar empty.
/
A stone throne stands on a foot-high circular dais in the center
of this cold chamber. The throne and dais bear the simple 
adornments of patterns of crossed line,
There's a hiss as you open this door, and you smell a sour odor,
like something rotten or fermented. Inside you see a small room
lined with dusty shelves, crates, and barrels. It looks like
someone once used this place as a larder,
but it has been a long time since anyone came to retrieve food from it.
/
This chamber was clearly smaller at one time,
but something knocked down the wall that separated it from an adjacent roo,
Looking into this space, you see signs of another wall knocked over.
It doesn't appear that anyone made an effort to clean up the rubble,
but some paths through see more usage than other,
This small bare chamber holds nothing but a large ironbound chest,
which is big enough for a man to fit in and bears a heavy iron loc,
/
Unlike the flagstone common throughout the dungeon,
this room is walled and floored with black marble veined with white.
The ceiling is similarly marbled, but the thick pillars that
hold it up are white. A brown stain drips down one side of a nearby pilla,
You open the door to confront a room of odd pillars.
Water rushes down from several holes in the ceiling,
and each hole is roughly a foot wid,
/
Rusting spikes line the walls and ceiling of this chamber.
The dusty floor shows no sign that the walls move over it,
but you can see the skeleton of
some humanoid impaled on some wall spikes nearb,
/
Thick cobwebs fill the corners of the room,
and wisps of webbing hang from the ceiling and
waver in a wind you can barely feel.
One corner of the ceiling has a particularly large clot
of webbing within which a Bokoblin's bones are tangled.
/
You open the door, and the reek of garbage assaults your nose.
Looking inside, you see a pile of refuse and offal that nearly reaches the ceilin,
Looking into this room, you note four pits in the floor.
A wide square is nearest you, a triangular pit beyond it,
and a little farther than both lie two circular pit.
/
Stinking smoke wafts up from braziers made of skulls set
around the edges of this room. The walls bear scratch marks
and lines of soot that form crude pictures and what looks like words in some language
Neither light nor darkvision can penetrate the gloom in this chamber.
An unnatural shade fills it, and the room's farthest reaches are barely visible
/
You push open the stone door to this room and note that the only other exit
is a door made of wood. It and the table shoved against it are warped and swollen.
Indeed, the table only barely deserves that description.
/
This room looks like it was designed by drow. Rusted metal tiles create a huge mosaic
of a spider in the floor, and someone set up rusted gratings like draperies of webs.
/
This chamber is clearly a prison. Small barred cells line the walls,
leaving a 15-foot-wide pathway for a guard to walk.
/
The burble of water reaches your ears after you open the door to this room.
You see the source of the noise in the far wall:
a large fountain artfully carved to look like a seashell
with the figure of a seacat spewing clear water into its basin.